update text with valid options (#6415)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/remote-credential-guard.md

    ![Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard Group Policy](images/remote-credential-guard-gp.png)

3. Under **Use the following restricted mode**:

>     - If you want to require either [Restricted Admin mode](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/32905.how-to-enable-restricted-admin-mode-for-remote-desktop.aspx) or Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard, choose **Restrict Credential Delegation**. In this configuration, Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard is preferred, but it will use Restricted Admin mode (if supported) when Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard cannot be used.

Reviewer: This link has been renamed in the Social Technet wiki:
```suggestion
    - If you want to require either [Restricted Admin mode](https://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/32905.remote-desktop-services-enable-restricted-admin-mode.aspx) or Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard, choose **Restrict Credential Delegation**. In this configuration, Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard is preferred, but it will use Restricted Admin mode (if supported) when Windows Defender Remote Credential Guard cannot be used.
```
